Adds optional Extension property to set extension on uploaded artifact (#645)
aws-cloudformation/rain: README.md

        S3Key: 1b4844dacc843f09941c11c94f80981d3be8ae7578952c71e875ef7add37b1a7
```

> Sometimes you require uploaded objects to have a specific extension

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes you require objects upload to S3 have a specific extension, use the `Extension` property to ensure the the artifact in S3 ends .<Extension>.
```
